``replication.synchro_queue_max_size`` configuration option (#4749)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/configuration/configuration_reference.rst

    | Default: ``false``
    | Environment variable: TT_REPLICATION_ANON

> .. _configuration_reference_replication_autoexpel:

Reviewer: Changes from another PR. Please separate the changes related to the current task only.

    | Default: 0
    | Environment variable: TT_REPLICATION_SYNC_TIMEOUT

.. _configuration_reference_replication_synchro_queue_max_size:

.. confval:: replication.synchro_queue_max_size

    **Since:** :doc:`3.3.0 </release/3.3.0>`

>     The ``replication.synchro_queue_max_size`` option controls the maximum size of the synchronous transaction queue on a master node.

Reviewer: Please keep wordings as short as possible. This reference is huge enough.

```suggestion
    The maximum size of the synchronous transaction queue on a master node, in bytes.
```

Author: fixed

    This parameter ensures that the queue does not grow indefinitely, potentially impacting performance and resource usage.

>     The size is measured in bytes, with a value of 0 disabling the limit (unlimited queue, as in earlier versions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The ``0`` value disables the limit.
```

Author: thanks, fixed

>     .. NOTE::

Reviewer: Why note? To me this seems a part of the description itself.

Author: fixed

        Applies only to the master node.

    If the synchronous queue reaches the configured size limit, new transactions attempting to enter the queue are discarded.
    In such cases, the system returns an error to the user:

>     “The synchronous transaction queue is full.”

Reviewer: Code highlighting instead of quotes

Author: fixed

    This size limitation does not apply during the recovery process. Transactions processed during recovery are unaffected by the queue size limit.

    Use the following command to view the current size of the synchronous queue:

    .. code-block:: lua

        box.info.synchro.queue.size

    .. code-block:: command line

        tarantool> box.info.synchro
        ---
        - queue:
            owner: 1
            size: 60
            busy: false
            len: 1
            term: 2
            quorum: 2
        ...

    Set the synchronous queue size limit in the configuration file:

    .. code-block:: yaml

        replication:
            synchro_queue_max_size: 33554432  # Limit set to 32 MB

>     .. code-block:: lua

Reviewer: The box.cfg example doesn't belong to the YAML reference.

Author: fixed

        box.cfg{
          replication_synchro_queue_max_size = 33554432  -- Limit set to 32 MB
        }

>     .. hint::

Reviewer: No such admonition type in Tarantool docs. If it's useful in general, discuss and approve the usage guidelines with the whole team.

Also, the thoughts in this block don't seem new/unique. Everything is already said above, so why repeat them?

Author: thanks, fixed
